---

# Proxy
#http_proxy: http://192.168.1.1:8080/
proxy_env:
  http_proxy: "{{ http_proxy }}"
  https_proxy: "{{ http_proxy }}"

# NIC
int_nic: eth0
ext_nic: eth1

# NTP Options
ntp_servers:
  - ntp1.jst.mfeed.ad.jp
  - ntp2.jst.mfeed.ad.jp
  - ntp3.jst.mfeed.ad.jp

# Controller Host IP's
controller_ext_ip: 192.168.10.50
controller_int_ip: 192.168.10.50

# MySQL Options
mysql_root_password: root

# Keystone Options
mysql_keystone_password: password
admin_token: ADMIN
cert_subject_cn: JP
cert_subject_st: Tokyo
cert_subject_ln: Chiyoda
cert_subject_on: openstack
cert_subject_cn: openstack.server
admin_tenant: admin
admin_user: admin
admin_password: secrete
generic_tenant01: stack
generic_user01: stack
generic_password01: secrete
generic_role01: admin
#generic_role01: Member

# Glance Options
mysql_glance_password: password
glance_keystone_password: secrete
glance_mq_user: glance
glance_mq_password: secrete
glance_image_tmp_dir: /opt/openstack/images

#Glance Image Options
#cirros_password: test

# Nova Options
mysql_nova_password: password
nova_keystone_password: secrete
nova_mq_user: nova
nova_mq_password: secrete

# Cinder Options
use_cinder: "yes"
mysql_cinder_password: password
cinder_keystone_password: secrete
cinder_mq_user: cinder
cinder_mq_password: secrete
cinder_storage_node_ip: "{{ controller_int_ip }}"
#for lvm
use_loopback_device: "no"
cinder_backend: lvm
use_loopback_device: False
cinder_vg_name: cinder-volumes
#for nfs
#cinder_backend: nfs

# Network(nova-network or neutron)
#network: neutron
network_type: nova-network

# Region
region: RegionOne

# Log Options
log_debug: True
log_verbose: True
#log_debug: False
#log_verbose: False

